>> Maximiliano Firtman: What's
the deal here?
Now we need to send somehow that movie
repository to the movie handler.
Remember, we have handlers.
The handler is the one that is handling
the http request, so it speaks http,
both the request and the writer, the
response writer, okay, that's the handler.
Now we have the repository
that is picked SQL.
It talks to the database,
that's the repository.
We have the handler,
we have the repository.
Now we need to connect both somehow, okay?
For that, when we go to the handler,
probably you don't remember that at
this point, but there is a to do here.
So the movie handler was
a structure with no values, but
now we can add value,
we can request values here.
So for example, we can request that
we will have a storage of type.
And here I can use movie repository or
movie storage.
Those are the two types
that I have available.
Which one do you feel we should use?
Movie storage, movie repository?
Probably you don't remember both.
Movie storage is actually the interface.
A movie repository is one
implementation of that interface.
So which one should I use?
The abstract or the implementation one?
I'm defining the structure right now.
I'm not creating the object,
so I should use?
>> Speaker 2: It would be the interface.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: The interface.
So why?
Because then we can finish
the rest of the code without
actually knowing which exactly
implementation we have.
So it's an abstraction layer.
So we use the interface,
which means, anyone implementing
those methods can be used as
our storage for the handler.
So that will let us in the future
change the data provider.
Does it make sense?
Kind of?
Then we can also have a logger as well.
We can pass a pointer like that.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Now complaining
that I'm not using the movie repo,
which is okay,
because I'm not passing it right now.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: To
the MovieHandler.
The logger is, in case you wanna
use the same logger, because here,
it says to do logger error, so
now, instead of that to do,
we can actually talk to h.logger, and
just this is an error, so we can,
log that we have a JSON Encoding error,
so we can log that in our logger.
So let's look back on this.
We get the movies,
it's still returning an empty array,
so we don't want that, right?
So we want to access the database.
Actually, that's the goal.
So we will get there.
So, one more thing is that
if you go to main.go,
it's complaining a movieRepo is
not being used and it's right.
So we are creating our instance of
movie handler here, okay, at the top.
Let me move that down a little bit
after we initialize the repository.
The thing is that this is the we
are contracting the instance here.
Well, we can define here.
In our movie handler,
this is kind of a constructor, right?
Or we can create our own factory as well
because we need to pass the movie repo.
Does it make sense?
So the movie repo should go to
the movie handler as something
very similar as what we did here
when we were passing the database.
Does it make sense?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Remember, we have
the handler, we have the repository.
The handler needs the repository.
So that's why when we created this,
the structure has now the storage.
So how can I pass the storage
to that movie handler?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Question for
you, .storage.
>> Speaker 2: You just
initialize it in line.
Couldn't you?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: I can
just initialize in line, how?
>> Speaker 2: Storage:
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Storage: here and
I pass the movieRepo.
The repo, okay?
And then we'll see if it's complaining or
not and why it's complaining.
I can also pass the logger.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: This is
the automatic initializer that we have
available in go for go structures.
This is kind of a new so
think about JavaScript.
If it is JavaScript,
this is gonna be like new movie handler,
and you're passing the movie repo and
the log instance,
and internally, it will save those values.
Why is like I cannot access
the storage like this.
There is a quick and
straight answer to that.
>> Speaker 2: Lowercase s.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Lowercase s.
My storage is lowercase s,
so I can it's not public,
if not the other option is you,
it was uppercase S, and
then you pass it like this from here,
like storage = movieRepo, okay?
Does it make sense?
>> Speaker 2: But when you do it directly,
you don't have to,
it doesn't matter if it's upper or
lower case.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: What I'm
doing here.
You say?
Yeah, because this is
kind of an initializer.
The idea is that every structure,
when you create a structure,
you have an initializer,
an automatic initializer,
where you can pass the values of each
property that you have in the structure.
>> Speaker 2: Then it doesn't
really matter the case.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: No,
in that case doesn't really matter.
So when you construct
an instance of that structure,
you can pass anything, okay, make sense?
It's complaining because it says,
what do you think about this
missing coma before new line?
Do you know what's going on
there with the trailing coma?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: So
there is a trailing comma always in Go.
That depends on how you're writing this,
it should be there or not,
the trailing comma, okay?
To be honest here,
there are many ways to solve the problem.
So in Go,
you decide how you wanna do that.
I mean, if you prefer to make
the storage public, you can do that.
So we go to the handler.
The only thing is that S storage
like this, or, let's say that they
prefer ways to create the new factory,
as we did with the other options.
Okay, so well, now it's complaining
because my logger is L, it's okay.
And so movieHandler, so
now I can pass the storage from here,
so it's up to you, okay,
have the movie repo,
and then I have the logger like that.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: So I think it's
a good time to go back to our diagram.
Let's see where we are.
So we are, remember, at the backend GO.
So we have handlers,
we have modelRepositories,
we have models and the database.
So the handler is the one
that speaks HTTP.
Now the handler has a pointer
to a model repository,
that repository is in this case,
movie repository speaks sequel,
so it talks to our tables,
and from there it actually creates
models to slices of our model.
So a collection of movies and
is giving to the handler movies.
And then the handler will actually
take those movies and send JSON back.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Does
it make sense?
So we're missing the last part because
now our handler here now has movies.
It's hard coded, so I don't want that.
What do we want?
To ask-
>> Speaker 2: Storage.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Storage.
>> Speaker 2: Method.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: To GetTopMovies.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay,
it's giving an error, why?
Because the signature of GetTopMovies
is two variables, not one.
Why is that?
Because you may always get an error.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Makes sense?
In this case, the error is being
propagated from the database
to the repository,
the repository to the handler and
the handler should send
that to the client.
Okay, so
if there is if error is not nil, so
if there is an error nil,
what should I do?
Now I need to send propagate
that error to the client.
Client of the handler,
I mean, the handler is HTTP,
so I should call, for
example, the error send
this writer, the error is, I don't know.
We don't know why, okay,
but it's not working.
We couldn't get the top movies.
So we are propagating the error.
We are always receiving the error,
and each layer decides what to do.
Also here we can talk to our logger.
So h, we should have a logger.
And we can save something like,
let's say, Get Top Movies, error,
we can pass the error to our logger.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay, make sense?
So we have now basic backend in layers.
HTTP talks to a handler.
Actually we go to main.
In main we take based on the URL,
based on the path, we use a handler.
The handler has all this information.
The movie handler has the storage and
the logger.
So when we get into the handler,
the handler is talking to each storage.
It's an abstract storage.
It's an interface, it doesn't know
the exact implementation of that,
and it's asking for get the movies and
get the movies will go.
The implementation of that,
it's a repository will go to SQL.
There is one disadvantage of
using this abstract layer,
the interface, is that if I use
control click or command click here,
I'm not going to the implementation of
GetTopMovies, I'm going to the interface.
A little issue when you
are browsing in your code,
because it goes to the abstract one,
it doesn't know exactly which one
is going to be used in execution.
So you need to go and
find it here and GetMovies,
it's the one that is
actually making the query.
It's actually this one GetTopMovies.
I know it feels like a lot,
but once you have it,
the rest of the services
are more straightforward,
okay, and you understand the layers
that we have, the handlers,
handling http, then we have data
repositories that are handling SQL,
and they communication
between both is the model.